Ruby/Python: Shared HTTP client request concept (#10114)
github/codeql: ruby/ql/lib/change-notes/2022-08-18-change-http-client-request.md

---
category: breaking
---

> * Changed the `HTTP::Client::Request` concept from using `MethodCall` as base class, to using `DataFlow::Node` as base class. Any class that extend `HTTP::Client::Request::Range` must be changed, but if you only uses the member predicates of `HTTP::Client::Request` no changes are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the `HTTP::Client::Request` concept from using `MethodCall` as base class, to using `DataFlow::Node` as base class. Any class that extends `HTTP::Client::Request::Range` must be changed, but if you only use the member predicates of `HTTP::Client::Request`, no changes are required.
```
